a couple of days later I can't believe
the packs lock a herd of muskox
are grazing in our Valley they are huge
now that is one animal um scared of and
they've got bad attitude towards
anything that looks like a predator
right I'm not too happy about this cuz I
must also come in Street towards me
I'm in a very dangerous position trapped
between the wolves and their prey now
this could get interesting I was just
gonna play out it looks like they're
gonna cross right over towards the
wolves
it's crazy muskox pose a danger to the
pups
the boards are up on their feet they're
heading right up towards the north
that's holy man you know these watered
enough to spring into action my god
really like god these walls are super
cool
my wolves are hungry but this is a big
haired the pack are outnumbered two to
one
it's north Gnomeo come straight towards
a wolf but that's what seems that
happened here the walls have to really
think carefully whether this is worth it
whether a stand a chance
or she'd make a go for it Luna and
Romulus lead the charge that go for it
they're gone for the Buzzcocks now gone
from the muskox Jesus set panic in
amongst and
they don't want us to get them up on
there on the hill because they'll lose
them on the flyer
oh my god this is unbelievable
the muskox have regained the advantage
two massive bulls and about ten females
maybe they don't stand a chance
crikey
huge bool senses the desperation in the
confusion the haired make a break oh my
word with Luna and Romulus in pursuit
that was exciting
you